docs/references/javascript/organization/domains.mdx, before:

---
title: Organization Domains
description: These are all methods on the Organization class that allow you to manage the domains of an organization.
---

import { Tables } from "@/components/Table";

# Organization Domains

These are all methods on [the Organization class](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization) that allow you to manage the domains of an organization.

## `getDomains()`

```typescript
function getDomains(params?: GetDomainsParams): Promise<PaginatedResources<OrganizationDomain>>;
```

### `GetDomainsParams`

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `initialPage?` | number | A number that can be used to skip the first n-1 pages. For example, if `initialPage` is set to 10, it is will skip the first 9 pages and will fetch the 10th page. |
| `pageSize?` | number | A number that indicates the maximum number of results that should be returned for a specific page. |
| `enrollmentMode?` | `'manual_invitation' \| 'automatic_invitation' \| 'automatic_suggestion'` | The mode in which a domain should operate under |

### Returns

<Tables
    headings={["Type", "Description"]}
    headingsMeta={[{}, {maxWidth: "300px"}]}
    rows={[
        {cells: [
                <code>Promise{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/types/paginated-response">PaginatedResponse</a>{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a>{">"}</code>,
                <>This method returns a <code>Promise</code> which resolves with a list of <code><a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a></code> objects.</>,
            ]},
    ]}
/>


## `getDomain()`

```typescript
function getDomain(params: GetDomainParams): Promise<OrganizationDomain>;
```

Creates and sends an invitation to the target email address for becoming a member with the role passed on the  function parameters.

### `GetDomainParams`

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `domainId` | string |  The id of the domain that will be fetched. |

### Returns

<Tables
    headings={["Type", "Description"]}
    headingsMeta={[{}, {maxWidth: "300px"}]}
    rows={[
        {cells: [
                <code>Promise{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a>{">"}</code>,
                <>This method returns a <code>Promise</code> which resolves to the <code><a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a></code> for the created invitation.</>,
            ]},
    ]}
/>

Commit message:

feat: Introduce Organization Domains (revisit)

docs/references/javascript/organization/domains.mdx, after:

---
title: Organization Domains
description: These are all methods on the Organization class that allow you to manage the domains of an organization.
---

# Organization Domains

These are all methods on [the Organization class](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization) that allow you to manage the domains of an organization.

## `getDomains()`

Retrieves a list of domains for the currently active organization.

```typescript
function getDomains(params?: GetDomainsParams): Promise<PaginatedResources<OrganizationDomain>>;
```

### `GetDomainsParams`

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `initialPage?` | `number` | A number that can be used to skip the first n-1 pages. For example, if `initialPage` is set to 10, it is will skip the first 9 pages and will fetch the 10th page. |
| `pageSize?` | `number | A number that indicates the maximum number of results that should be returned for a specific page. |
| `enrollmentMode?` | `'manual_invitation' \| 'automatic_invitation' \| 'automatic_suggestion'` | The mode in which a domain should operate under |

### Returns

<Tables
    headings={["Type", "Description"]}
    headingsMeta={[{}, {maxWidth: "300px"}]}
    rows={[
        {cells: [
                <code>Promise{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/types/paginated-response">PaginatedResponse</a>{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a>{">"}</code>,
                <>This method returns a <code>Promise</code> which resolves with a list of <code><a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a></code> objects.</>,
            ]},
    ]}
/>

| Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| <code>Promise{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/types/paginated-response">PaginatedResponse</a>{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a>{">"}</code> | This method returns a <code>Promise</code> which resolves with a list of <code><a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a></code> objects. |


## `getDomain()`

Retrieves a domain for an organization based on the given domain ID.

```typescript
function getDomain(params: GetDomainParams): Promise<OrganizationDomain>;
```

### `GetDomainParams`

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `domainId` | string |  The id of the domain that will be fetched. |

### Returns

| Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
| <code>Promise{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a>{">"}</code> | This method returns a <code>Promise</code> which resolves to the <code><a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-domain">OrganizationDomain</a></code> for the corresponding ID. |
